[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If, in fact, human beings
descend from star gods,
do the genetics of these
civilizations influence us?
And in what way?
And Jesus of Nazareth,
what does he have
to do with this cosmic network?
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpanacho.
Welcome aboard
"The Arc of Time."
[THEME MUSIC]
I have left one of the most
important controversial topics
for the end of this series but
also one of the most profound,
if not disturbing
ones, the battle
of forces in the universe.
Numerous legends and
myths of the ancient world
speak of a war of the gods.
Is it just a symbolic
story that has
been repeated throughout
time, or could it
have been a confrontation
between real extraterrestrial
civilizations, beings that
could have been interpreted
as gods or angels?
And if so, what was the
cause of this battle,
and what consequences could
it have brought for humanity?
Join me.
I'm going to share with you
another impossible story.
Like we discussed in the
episode on "The Cosmic Plan,"
life on Earth could
have been sown
by extraterrestrial
civilizations.
But according to
the message that
has been received in
different contact groups,
that seed was brought from
Orion, a seed containing
information from
extraterrestrial civilizations
who had preceded the current
populations of this galaxy.
What motivated
these civilizations
to use a seed from Orion?
According to these messages
from extraterrestrial sources,
different civilizations
have developed
in this material universe
filled with worlds and stars,
and some civilizations
who reached
a technological level
and great wisdom
were left practically
stagnant in their progress
due to their disconnection
with their emotions,
their interconnection
with themselves
because they became very
technological and even
militaristic.
These accounts of
the extraterrestrials
say that a gene was
discovered in the genetics
of these advanced
cultures, a gene that
pushed them and
motivated them, which
was developed to make them
colonizers and extremely
technological.
It is difficult to understand
how this gene was developed
or this biological
characteristic, so to speak.
So part of the plan was to
sow a seed, a mixed seed,
a compound seed on our planet
so that the legacy of Orion
would be contained within it
so that the gene could generate
that same influence on the
planet in the populations that
were going to develop.
That is that a mixed seed
that was sown on the planet
contained a legacy of those
extraterrestrial civilizations
of Orion, the
aforementioned colonization
gene, the gene of
technology, the gene that
could make us be
hostile, disorderly,
with an impulse that could lead
us to take over everything.
Why?
If human beings who were
developing on this planet
reached a spiritual path
of balance and equilibrium
despite the influence of
what we could call genetics,
it would generate
great redemption,
a great transformation
that would not only
affect the human
species but it would
affect the parent
creators themselves,
the extraterrestrials.
And I don't just mean those
who were involved in the star
sector that we call Orion.
As a part of this
complex plan, they
monitored all the
processes of the Earth
until something
unexpected happened,
the appearance of dinosaurs.
According to the messages
from the extraterrestrials,
the reptilian species that
developed on our planet
originally came from Orion.
That is, in some of the
worlds of that constellation,
reptiles had developed,
and over time, became
intelligent creatures
upright on their spines.
Bipedal beings that
developed technology.
But their remote ancestors,
their primitive species,
was being developed on
Earth due to the Orion gene
due to the seed that had
been sown on planet Earth.
This is how the
dinosaurs emerged.
A species that was not
originally from our world,
according to these messages.
And obviously, their
development put
into question the future
appearance of human beings
since theirs was a
dominant species.
Moreover, a number of
paleontologists and scientists
consider that if dinosaurs
had not become extinct,
there's a good chance we
humans would not be here now.
Continuing this account
from the extraterrestrials,
a decision had to be made so
that the project on planet
Earth would not fail,
and they decided
to intervene on the
planet with the extinction
of the dinosaurs.
This was camouflaged as the
impact of an asteroid that
would have had impact on the
northern Yucatan Peninsula,
eliminating 65% of lifeforms.
Today it is known through
scientific studies
that the angle of the
object that crashed
was perfect in order
to cause the greatest
damage possible in addition
to the nuclear winter that
occurred afterwards due
to the impact, which
put an end to the
majority of giant reptiles
that dominated the Earth.
This attack or a camouflaged
extraterrestrial military
operation was done in such a
way that other civilizations who
also observed the
Earth would not
become aware of this operation.
Whatever happened, the dinosaurs
are no longer among us.
They became extinct
65 million years ago,
and later human
beings would appear.
We are not reptiles like the
ancient species from Orion
that disappeared on
Earth, the dinosaurs.
However, within our
genetics is the Orion gene,
the gene that, as I
say, could propel us
towards warlike behavior,
colonizing behavior
and could disconnect
us from our real path
unless we find the balance
point that transforms
us that overcomes that
genetic inheritance
as well as delivers a message
to the parent creators
themselves, the
extraterrestrial mentors.
According to these
messages, part
of the history of Orion
with the key points that
imply coming from
extraterrestrials
and their connection
to human life
is hidden in Egypt in an actual
time portal, in a time ship.
I'm referring to
the Great Pyramid.
Before diving into the mysteries
of Egyptian civilization,
we assumed that this had its
beginnings in the year 3100
BC when upper and
lower Egypt were united
by an individual
called Menes, also
known as the Scorpion
King, the first monarch
of this lavish civilization.
Without dispute, Menes is, for
historians, the starting point.
The fact that Egyptologists
have this information
is thanks to a list
of kings that is
seen on the Temple of Abydos.
It starts, as I said,
with Menes and ends
with Seti around
the year 1,300 BC,
encompassing a period
of 1,700 years.
But today, we know that this
information is incomplete.
And that's when I
found the chronology
of Manetho, a name
which curiously
means the truth of everything.
It's a list of impossible kings
in pre-dynastic times compiled
by this Egyptian man
native of Samannud.
Manetho is supposed to have been
the high priest of the sun god
Ra in legendary Heliopolis
back in the third century BC,
and this wise man had
collected ancient information
about the origins of
Egypt that give goosebumps
to most Orthodox archeologists.
We do not have
Manetho's complete text,
but at least we have important
fragments of his work
in the writings of the Jewish
chronicler Flavius Josephus
or of Christian chroniclers
like Eusebius of Africa.
It's extremely puzzling
that Egyptologists
use the work of Manetho only to
refer to the historical period
and not to the pre-history that
the Egyptian priests quoted
not only as legends or
mythology but as real facts that
happened in the country of the
Nile thousands of years ago.
For example, and
getting to the point,
Eusebius quotes Manetho's
work mentioning a list
of nine gods who ruled Egypt.
Those beings are
essentially the pantheon
of deities of Heliopolis:
Ra, Osiris, Set, Isis,
Horus, among others.
The text reads these were
the first to rule Egypt.
From there, the scepter
of power passed from one
to another in uninterrupted
succession over 13,900 years.
After the gods, the demigods
reigned for 1,255 years.
And again, another
lineage of kings
was established who
ruled for over 1,790
years, and another 10 kings
who ruled for 350 years.
Next, the spirits of the
dead, reigned for 5,813 years.
Let's see.
All this would have happened
before the aforementioned Menes
united the two lands of Egypt.
What are we to think if
Manetho is telling the truth?
How are we to
interpret the reign
of the gods, of demigod
kings, and finally,
the reign of the
spirits of the dead?
We're talking about
unknown beings
ruling Egypt for tens
of thousands of years
prior to the emergence
of the first dynasty.
That mysterious
time became known
as Zep Tepi, the first time
when some beings from heaven,
the Neteru, lived on Earth.
It should be noted that
for most Egyptologists,
those Neteru are not
considered specific entities
but cosmic powers or forces
that the Greeks would later
personify.
However, the ancient Egyptian
stories hint otherwise.
In addition, the "Palermo
Stone" and the "Turin Papyrus"
call into question the official
story of the kings of Egypt.
Were the extraterrestrial beings
linked to the stars of Orion
in Giza thousands of years ago?
In 1994, I read the research
of Robert Bauval and Adrian
Gilbert called "The
Mystery of Orion,"
a very interesting
text that calls
into doubt the official
versions of the construction
of the pyramids of Giza.
According to the
research, they would
have found a curious
correlation between the three
pyramids of the Giza Plateau and
the belt of the constellation
Orion, proving through
software that precise alignment
of the so-called three sisters
and the three pyramids of Egypt
would have occurred on March
21st in the year 10,500 BC.
That pre-dates the original
dating of the pyramids.
We're talking around
the year 2500 BC.
Obviously, this does not
mean that the pyramids
would have been built 10,000
years ago or 12,000 years ago.
But if the pyramids
of Giza are truly
representing Orion's Belt
since such an ancient date,
are they marking
something in particular?
Maybe the date of the last
great planetary change
of that last destruction.
And why do they point to
Orion to the constellation
of the Hunter, where we find the
Duat, the star realm of the god
Osiris?
Is it that the ancient Egyptians
knew that life on Earth
came from Orion?
A significant detail is
that scientific research
has revealed that in the great
Orion Nebula, more than 1,600
light-years distance,
the so-called M42 has
organic molecules very similar
to those that most likely gave
life to Earth.
The well-known panspermia theory
of life, celestial bodies,
as if they were cosmic sperm,
impact worlds with life.
There has been much
speculation whether this really
happened to our planet, and
perhaps these celestial bodies
were extraterrestrial
missions purposely
conducted to sow life on Earth.
And we should ask ourselves
if these seeds from Orion
came by chance to
our world or if they
would have been brought
through this advanced plan
of extraterrestrial
civilizations.
However, today I know
that the pyramids of Giza
conceal a hidden purpose
that few archeologists dare
to recognize.
In fact, it is intriguing that
no human remains have ever
been found in the sarcophagi
of these pyramids.
With this, archeologists
launch the argument
that the bodies were
stolen by treasure
hunters, an absurd presumption.
Back in the ninth century BC by
the time Caliph al-Ma'mun made
the tunnel which serves today
as an entrance for tourists
to visit the Great Pyramid,
he discovered, frustratingly,
that nothing was to be found
in either the sarcophagi
or in the galleries.
Al-Ma'mun, another detail
to take into account,
was the son of the
legendary Harun al-Rashid,
the poet who inspired the famous
work "One Thousand and One
Nights," and he believed
that the legendary chamber
of secrets of the Great Pyramid
was real and that in it were
hidden maps of heaven and Earth.
Al-Ma'mun, from what I
was able to find out,
belonged to a
school of mysteries.
And by that, I don't mean
to the House of Wisdom
that was established
in Baghdad, where
all the volumes of scientific
and philosophical texts
of the time were translated.
The caliph was part of
a group of initiates
who knew that the secrets
of the Great Pyramid
were possibly
associated with Orion.
Right now, I recall the case
of the US psychic Edgar Cayce,
for many, one of the
greatest mediums of all time.
He predicted before his death
that a hidden chamber known
as the Hall of Records
would be open to humanity
and that it would
demonstrate to the world
the cosmic past of the
country of the Nile.
I've visited Egypt on
several different occasions,
the pyramids, and of course,
inside the Great Pyramid,
and I have reflected
alone inside it.
Setting aside the power of
suggestion and dazed feeling
that its fame or
extraordinary architecture
impose on visitors or
the impression left
by the upward climb that is
not meant for people who suffer
from claustrophobia,
there is no doubt
that there is an energy that
permeates the place, which
can be felt inside it.
Although this feeling cannot
be outwardly demonstrated
and falls on the slippery
slope of perception,
from the empirical side,
I have been able to trace
extraordinary energy generated
by that incredible monument.
According to the messages
of extraterrestrial origin,
the Great Pyramid sits on
invisible master lines,
which it incorporates thanks
to its perfect geometry, which
organizes the unknown
currents of energy
with a specific
purpose to amplify.
That is the Great Pyramid
is an architectural wonder,
a time ship.
But more importantly, the
place where it was built
is a node of energy.
The so-called king of the Great
Pyramid seems to have the key.
For example,
according to the work
of British aerospace
engineer Christopher Dunn,
the structure of the King's
Chamber is not an accident.
Formed by granite made up of
55% silicon and crystal quartz,
this chamber could have been
designed for the granite
to vibrate in sync with sound.
Maybe rituals with mantras?
The music itself emitted
by the Earth's pulse?
Thus quartz becomes saturated,
generating a flow of electrons
through a phenomenon known
as a piezoelectric effect.
According to Dunn, this energy
filled the King's Chamber,
and the sarcophagus
found there, producing
a combination of acoustic energy
and electromagnetic energy.
All this would make
it possible to create
a sort of light
conduit or waveguide
that traveled from the Great
Pyramid to somewhere else.
Was that the secret
objective of the pyramids?
A star cannon?
An invisible time
ship towards Orion?
A kind of vehicle for whomever
dared to lay in the sarcophagus
during a particular
ritual on a specific date
or with coordinates
to be launched
in a non-ordinary state of
consciousness towards Orion?
Does this have anything to
do with the date March 21st,
allegedly marked by the
pyramids and their alignment
with Orion, which coincides
with the vernal equinox
in that latitude of the world?
There are several cases
of historical figures
who were attracted by the
power of the Great Pyramid.
Among them, I could mention
the fabulous episode
of Napoleon, who is said
to have spent a night
inside the Great Pyramid.
It was 1799.
For many, Bonaparte tried
to imitate the experience
of Alexander the Great
and Julius Caesar,
who supposedly also had their
initiation inside the pyramid.
For Napoleon, it was
a preliminary step
for a political
conquest of Paris.
The curious matter is that
when his men asked him
about his night alone
inside of the Great Pyramid,
the French military leader
and Freemason responded,
if I told you, you
wouldn't believe me.
Another great figure who visited
the Great Pyramid, of course,
was Jesus of Nazareth.
I must say that I had an
extraordinary experience
in the Great Pyramid.
It was 2003 on March 21st.
With my team, we
achieved a private moment
within the King's
Chamber, and I laid down
inside it following
the indications
of extraterrestrials, their
messages, instructions,
and our own research.
We employed the use
of mantras of sounds
to harmonize our
work at that time.
And I remember that something
extraordinary happened to me
because I started losing
awareness of my physical body.
I felt like something
was happening there
in the King's Chamber, as
if everything were mutating.
My companions affirmed to
have seen my body trembling,
and some even say that they
saw a kind of white spot
that would swell out of
my chest and leave me.
In the end, I lost all
consciousness of this process.
And I only remember entering
into a tunnel of light
as if I had died, similar
to the images described
by those people who have had
life-after-death experiences.
I was crossing through
different landscapes that looked
cosmic or spatial in nature.
I distinguished
what I believe were
worlds, planets
until a voice told me
that I had been projected
from the Great Pyramid
to the stars of Orion
to the worlds of Orion.
This experience was not
occurring physically.
It was as if something
had projected
my being or my consciousness.
I don't know how to explain
it, towards that place.
And part of the
information that I'm
sharing in this episode and also
throughout "The Arc of Time"
comes from everything
that was left
with me after this
stellar journey
to that place the
Egyptians called
the Duat, the celestial
home of Osiris.
It was explained to
me what had occurred
with reptile species on
Earth, the disappearance
of the dinosaurs, the gene
that was to have brought
into our world as part
of a genetic mission
and experimentation
for human beings
to rise up above all as
a civilization of peace.
But I was also told that
there were great human beings
in our world.
And despite our warlike
and colonizing tendencies,
they had arisen as true
ambassadors of peace, beings
who had moved the
consciousnesses
of the extraterrestrial
civilizations who
were watching us.
And then they spoke to me
about the figure, Jesus,
beyond what religions
have made of his personage
and the intellectual
arguments regarding
his historical or
non-historical reality.
I have no doubt that he
existed, that he exists,
and that there is a great
hierarchy of human origin
that connected with the divine,
unlike other great masters
who walked our planet,
opened the way for us
to change things.
That's why I left for
the end of this episode
a reflection about
the life of Jesus.
Jesus and his connection
to this mission
related to the legacy of Orion.
I know there are
some versions that
claim that Jesus was an
extraterrestrial who may have
come from Orion or Pleiades.
Others mention Sirius.
Obviously, I respect all
the information and messages
that some channels and
contact witnesses maintain.
But in my personal opinion,
as my friend Jose Luis
Perez-Albela in Peru
would say, Jesus
wasn't an extraterrestrial but
an exceptional terrestrial.
A human being with
extraordinary capabilities
who was born of a woman
from the Earth, Mary,
a birth that was announced by
a non-human entity, an entity
of light named Gabriel, who told
her you will have a child whom
you will call Jesus the Savior,
a human being who was born
in a very different
situation 2,000 years ago
who was persecuted,
whose birth was also
blessed by a light
that guided three
figures that tradition calls
Magi, the so-called Bethlehem
UFO.
And I said it well.
Not the star of
Bethlehem because stars
do not stop and then
continue leading
the expedition of these wise
men over a period of months.
It was an unidentified
flying object.
These wise men also did
not approach the place
where Jesus was born to present
gifts and offerings of incense.
But like when you seek
out the Dalai Lama,
they would have
shown him belongings
from Jesus' previous
life also on Earth so
that upon recognizing
them, the wise men could
certify that the envoy
had arrived on Earth.
Jesus' entire life was
replete with the appearance
of angels and chariots of
fire of supernatural beings
and of miracles as if a greater
plan were guiding his life.
Just as what happened with
Moses as also happened
with Abraham and with
other biblical figures,
Jesus, throughout
his mission, tried
to teach humans that we
needed to stop fighting,
that this influence that
could lead us to be violent
had to be transformed into a
message of love and service.
If someone slaps your cheek,
you need to turn the other one.
And if old human laws
made you violent,
you had to find the
common sense to reflect
in your consciousness like
that case of a woman who
had committed adultery
and was to be stoned,
and suddenly, the
people came, the crowd
and said to Jesus who was
sitting drawing in the sand
according to ancient
law since this woman is
an adulteress we have to
stone her what should we do?
And Jesus answered
whomever is free of blame
should cast the first stone.
And finally, they had
to put down the stones.
Jesus' entire message
was based on this:
stop fighting, find a
balance, seek that equilibrium
because he knew that only
through love, through service,
and consciousness would we be
able to change our humanity.
Jesus believed in it
so much that he decided
to die as a human on the cross.
His pain was so human
that at one time,
he asked the universe
or God, however we
want to interpret it, to
take away his suffering,
that the chalice of suffering
and pain be removed from him
but let the will of the cosmos
be done and not his own.
Such was the emotional
impact that Jesus felt
that he even sweated blood.
However, he kept going.
And if Jesus had apprehension
about his own mission, what can
we expect from ourselves?
He continued on.
He died on Golgotha.
And on the third day,
he was resurrected
in his own physical body.
He spent 40 days
with his disciples.
He taught them great
things, and then he
left, according
to the scriptures,
in body and soul
somewhere in the universe,
promising to return, which is
another topic of discussion.
Who is coming back, Jesus?
Will the spirit of the
cosmic Christ return?
Or is it just a symbolic
message as the skeptics
say that Jesus did not
exist, that it is all just
an allegorical message?
I've already said it.
Jesus existed.
He exists.
And I believe that
he will return.
I had a wonderful experience
with which I would
like to conclude this program.
It happened to me on
Mount Horeb in Sinai.
It was a dream, simply
a powerful dream.
In this dream, I saw
the figure of Jesus
somewhat different from
how he is represented
in Christian
iconography, specifically
with beautiful light brown eyes
that could look deep inside
and long, shiny brown
hair and asked me
why is there so much
conflict over me?
Why are they divided into
beliefs and religions
when I was always with you?
I was the first human
being on the planet,
and I will also be the last.
I have lived in different ages.
That's why I've
introduced myself
as the alpha and the omega,
the first and the last.
And suddenly, I had the feeling
that Jesus had been Krishna.
That Jesus had been Buddha,
among other great figures who
are spiritual icons of humanity.
And I said, wow, if this
is so, we have been arguing
over different images of
the reality of the universe
and of Earth's own
messengers, and we
are in the presence
of the same spirit who
has been living as a human
throughout the history
of mankind.
With that, the message that John
saw on Patmos the apocalypse.
If all this is true,
there is a promise
for change, a
promise of a return.
Regardless of whether
we have a gene
from extraterrestrial
civilizations who have preceded
us who have even made
mistakes the myth of fallen
angels, which is a very
complex story, perhaps
we humans are here to
understand that history
and follow the path of
the great masters who
walked to this planet.
A path that says we must
stop fighting and seek more
to be a warrior of light.
We are now in
times where we need
to be ambassadors of peace.
At least, that is
what Jesus taught.
Putting aside
religious topics, I
must say in this last broadcast
without any apprehension
that Jesus is my boss.
I know he exists, and we
serve a higher purpose.
Without a doubt, we could
dedicate a lot of time
to each of these subjects.
We could discuss
whether we are facing
real events of cosmic origin
that human beings have ignored
or if they're merely
symbolic stories that
hide an even more profound
truth, as renowned mythologist
Joseph Campbell would say.
In any event, there
is a powerful message,
and we have to trace
it in order to know
who we really are and the
mission that we should fulfill.
Again, I quote the great
master, Jesus of Nazareth, "Ask,
and it will be given unto you.
Search, and you will find it.
Knock on the door, and it
will be opened for you.
Whoever has ears to
understand will understand."
Thank you for being part of
the crew of "The Arc of Time."
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpanacho.
[THEME MUSIC]